inserts decisions in the metering VP13 (#237)
SovereignCloudStack/standards: Decisions/scs-0310-v1-publishing_method_for_metering_data.md

---
title: pushing as publishing method for metering
type: Decision Record
status: Draft
track: IaaS
---

# Introduction

In the past we notice missing events in the telemetry stack of openstack. this results in situations where the Service provider may think that a resource is still in use while the owner shut it down.
Such missing data makes it difficult for the CSP to provide accurate invoices

# Motivation

> we want to fill the gab between measuring resource consumption and having reliable data for invoicing.

Reviewer: Sentences start with a capital letter. 'We[...]

Reviewer 2: also: `gap` not `gab` :wink:

# Design Considerations

> We want to be fast and efficient. in implementing the metering project also as in the daily usage of the provided data.

Reviewer: Initially I failed to parse this sentence. 

```suggestion
# Design Considerations

We want to be fast and efficient. This applies to the initial development effort as part of the metering tender VP13 as much as to the result gathering usage data on daily basis.

```

## Options considered

### building an REST-api

We need to define a REST-Api structure.
The CSP has to implement requests against this API.

> ### pushing Daisies

Reviewer: I fail to parse that heading. What does it mean?
